[Kiba] I guess he was
hurt or something,
but he seemed fine to me!
[Shikamaru] They admitted him
so they could keep an
eye on him just in case.
He lost a lot of chakra.
[Ino] Man, he always
causes such a fuss!
We rushed over after hearing
that they were fighting
somebody dangerous.
But once we got there,
it was just a sparring
session with Master Jiraiya.
Konohamaru and his team
probably just stumbled
upon the training,
saw Master Jiraiya with
a scary look on his face,
and mistook him for
a white-haired ghost.
It can't be helped if they
couldn't tell the difference.
The reason is because--
Seriously, I got worried
over nothing at all!
Well, whatever happened, I'm
just glad everyone's okay.
[Nurse] Please, sir,
this is a hospital!
[Jiraiya] Nurse, don't
get the wrong idea!
This is just part
of my research!
[Naruto] C'mon, Pervy
Sage, quit flirting!
[Jiraiya] Let's retreat for now!
[Naruto] Look, don't get
me involved, ya' know!
Hey, wait!
Yup, they're fine!
I'm thinking they're gonna
be discharged any moment now.
-Yeah.
-(chuckles)
Good grief!
[Naruto] Hey, where did
you run off to, Pervy Sage?
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(birds chirping)
[Jiraiya] Ah, there you are!
You well enough to be
up and moving around?
[Sasuke] Yeah,
and how about you?
(scoffs)
Oh, please, that
was nothing at all!
Sorry for the trouble
we caused you.
Ah, forget it.
All that matters is I was
able to protect Naruto,
and that was all thanks to you.
But still, the jutsu that guy
used was seriously strange.
Yeah, to tell you the truth,
we don't really
understand it, either.
What really matters is that
we were all able to stop him.
So, if someone else like
him shows up down the road,
we'll confront him head on.
Ah, hm.
Well, for now, further
conjecture about it
all seems rather pointless.
So, now that you're done
with this, what's next?
We're going back home
where we belong tomorrow.
That's right, we gotta get home.
[Jiraiya] What?
Already?
Why don't you stay
a little longer?
Why not wait until you've
recovered completely?
Because this place simply
isn't where we belong.
Hold it!
(stomping)
Ha, I finally found you!
All right, why do you
have a piece of paper
that has Sasuke's name
written on it, huh?
And also, why did you
say my name earlier?
Now, start talking, what's
your connection to Sasuke?
Come on, answer me!
(whimpering)
[Boruto] That's right,
I forgot about that!
Sakura picked up
Sasuke's letter!
[Sakura] Talk!
[Jiraiya] Now, hold on a minute!
Just calm down.
No, I can't be calm about this!
Hm.
Look, this guy--
This guy is--
He's one of my biggest fans!
Huh?
Allow me to clear up
whatever suspicions
you might be
harboring about him.
[Sakura] Huh?
It's really all quite simple!
You see, these two guys
are wildly devoted readers
of my "Make-Out Paradise" book!
(playful music)
Surely you've read a
book that touched you,
and then, took a keen
interest in the author, right?
Haven't you felt
that way before?
Well, yeah, sure, I guess
that I have, but still.
[Jiraiya] There, you see?
Well, these two read my book
and became so enamored with it
that they tried to learn
everything they could about me
and the people connected to me
before they came to
the Hidden Leaf Village
disguised as
traveling performers.
That piece of
paper you picked up
was simply one of
their research notes.
I mean, Sasuke is
connected to me, after all.
Why'd they do combat training,
even getting hurt in the
process, when they're not ninja?
And how did they
know about me, too?
Oh, the same reason, of course!
These two guys believe
that their mission in life
is to entirely follow
in my footsteps.
And with that sense of
devotion fueling their purpose,
they looked into your name,
physical characteristics,
this, that,
everything that has some
kind of connection to me.
Then, they tracked
me down personally,
and declared that
they wanted to do
some actual combat
training with me,
which unfortunately
resulted in things
becoming a little intense, so
they ended up getting injured.
(groans)
It was all just
because they adored me!
Only true fans would go so far.
And they are
definitely true fans!
(wind blowing)
Is that actually the truth?
Mm.
Yeah, it's the truth.
The simple fact is
Master Jiraiya's
"Make-Out Paradise" novel
made such an impression on me
that I went out and researched
everyone connected to him.
-(wind blowing)
-(playful music)
Creepy.
(sighs)
I want nothing to do
with this anymore.
So, please just cross
me off your list.
(playful music)
I guess you were
just another weirdo.
And I wasted my time.
I'll have to start searching
for Sasuke all over.
(laughs)
That sure went well, huh?
(Boruto groans)
Thanks, but you really
couldn't come up
-with a better excuse?
-No, you don't get it!
It had to be that extreme
or it wouldn't've worked!
Ha, so I finally
found you, old man!
Oh, Naruto!
Your timing is perfect!
These two are gonna
be leaving us shortly.
We'll see them off tomorrow.
Huh?
(birds chirping)
Did you bring our
clothes and headbands
from when we first got here?
Yeah, I got everything!
I mean, we can't forget
that stuff, or this!
-(sighing)
-I slept so well!
Good morning to you both!
Getting ready to leave, are we?
Did you enjoy yourselves
in this time period?
Yeah, I guess you
could put it like that!
Must've been nice.
You know, having it
easy this whole time.
We'd like to borrow your
power again to get home.
[Karasuki] Understood.
[Naruto] Hey, Boruto!
Not good!
Stay hidden for now, okay?
Hey, you guys, sorry
to keep you waiting.
I brought a little
parting gift for ya!
Oh, wow, thank you!
Sure thing!
But don't open it yet, okay?
It's better to save
the surprise for later!
What's up with that?
But yeah, I got it.
I just wish that I could've
gotten everyone together
so we could've shared a meal
and given you a proper
send-off, ya know!
Lemme guess, Ichiraku?
Anyway, there's no need
to make such a big fuss.
Aw, come on now, don't say that.
Besides, their ramen
was great, right?
That's true, I can't
really complain about that!
Be careful on your
way back home.
Make sure you don't worry your
mom and dad too much, okay?
(chuckles)
Wow, you sound just like a dad.
(giggling)
Come back and visit
again anytime you want!
But if you take too long,
when you do, I might
already be Hokage.
(inspirational music)
I really think you can do it.
You know, the next time we meet,
I'm willing to bet you
really will be the Hokage.
-Huh?
-(giggling)
Just you wait!
I'd like a word with
you before you go.
The past few days have been
a very strange experience
for all of us.
We learned a lot,
maybe even some things
we shouldn't know.
Like yesterday, when Sakura
confronted us so accusingly.
Yeah.
All right, let's just
make a little trade, then.
I'm hoping to get
something in exchange
for all of the help we gave you.
You do have the means
to erase the stuff we
shouldn't know, don't you?
Yeah.
With my jutsu.
I see!
All right, I'll
take you up on that!
I want you to erase my
and Naruto's memories.
You got it.
After all, as the saying goes,
a novel is much more interesting
if you don't know how
it's going to end.
-Naruto, come here!
-Huh?
Why, what's going on?
Huh?
Okay, please go ahead and do it.
(sharp metallic clunk)
Huh?
(soft thud)
What did you just do?
-(Hinata panting)
-(Neji panting)
[Hinata] Naruto!
-(Naruto groaning)
-(Jiraiya groaning)
[Naruto] Oh, hey, Hinata.
Are you doing all right, Naruto?
[Naruto] Huh?
Yeah.
So, what were the two
of you doing out here?
We were--
Yeah, just what were
we doing out here?
Your injuries from the other day
could be having an effect.
Nah, I'm totally fine.
Just look!
(groaning)
Anyway, what are you
two guys up to now?
[Hinata] Oh, I was just
training with Big Brother Neji.
Hey, wait, Naruto,
where's that other guy?
What guy's that?
You know, the one you were with!
Huh?
Wait, what guy?
Who do you mean?
Huh?
The one who was with you!
Actually, who was it, again?
I can't seem to remember.
He was here, right?
Hm.
Yeah, I think that
there was someone,
but I can't quite
remember too clearly.
Did you really have to
go as far as all that?
There was no other option.
And besides, we shouldn't
get involved in the past.
Yesterday, after we
left the hospital,
I erased the memories of anyone
you came into contact with.
Let's go.
Right!
(beeping)
Man, it sure was a lot of
fun seeing Dad in the past.
"Son, when I was
around your age,
"even I was more
reasonable than this."
I guess that wasn't
true, was it?
Mr. Jiraiya was
irresponsible and pervy!
I mean, he really didn't
seem that great at all.
Sasuke?
(whooshing)
[Karasuki] We'll reach
your time period soon.
Can we return to the point
just after we set out?
[Karasuki] Yes,
that will be easy.
And with the chakra I have left,
it's also possible to go
to another era if you wish.
No, that's fine.
Wait a second,
after all of that,
you still have chakra left?
[Karasuki] When we traveled
to the first time period,
my chakra was exhausted.
But the next day,
I came upon a spot
where massive amounts of
chakra were leaking out.
So, I took some
of it for myself.
You mean the Nine
Tails' chakra in Naruto?
[Karasuki] Yes.
You're pretty sharp, aren't you?
[Karasuki] You honor
me with such praise.
So, what are you
gonna do after this?
[Karasuki] That
depends on you two.
What does that mean?
Isn't there something that
you're interested in doing?
[Karasuki] I am merely a tool.
I've never given any thought
to something like that before.
Why don't you look for
something you wanna do now?
[Karasuki] I don't understand.
I'm saying just go and do
whatever it is
that you wanna do.
[Karasuki] Is that a command?
Ugh, good grief, never mind!
[Karasuki] Understood.
After I bring you two to
your original time period,
I'll set out on a journey to
find something I want to do.
Wow, you are really
something else!
That's fine, right, Sasuke?
Yeah.
It's not like we should
be using his powers
however we want to.
[Karasuki] Well, then,
thank you both for everything
during this journey.
-(air whooshing)
-(electricity buzzing)
So, is this--
(panting)
(gasps)
(playful music)
Sasuke, look!
[Sasuke] Yeah.
We're back home, ya' know!
[Konohamaru] Boruto, Mr. Sasuke!
Big Brother Konohamaru!
What are you two doing here?
Never mind!
Listen, Urashiki has
infiltrated the village
and things are really
bad here right now!
It's okay!
That's all over, ya' know!
(soft music)
[Naruto] So, with Urashiki gone,
every Otsutsuki that
we've confirmed so far
has been defeated?
[Sasuke] That's right.
For some reason,
it just doesn't feel
like it's real to me.
But if you say so, I'm
sure there's no mistake.
Thanks for your
hard work, Sasuke.
Half of the credit
should go to Boruto.
He figured out what
Urashiki's target was,
and that allowed
us to go after him.
Huh!
Boruto, you say--
[Sasuke] The
time-traveling turtle
is no longer in the
Otsutsuki's possession, either,
so they can't come after
you in the same way again.
[Naruto] No?
That's good.
I guess everything's
pretty much back to normal.
We will have to notify
the other villages
about this, though.
Well, anyway,
now, you can stay
here and relax a bit!
No, Kaguya's ruins
are still out there.
I'll keep on investigating,
just in case.
Nothing wrong with taking a
little break now and then.
After all, Sakura's
gonna be lonely.
I plan on returning
to the village
more often than I usually do.
I see.
Still, it's funny.
I have no memory at all
of meeting you and Boruto
back when we were kids.
And Shikamaru and the others
don't remember anything,
either, you know.
[Sasuke] We didn't have
much contact with them.
It was mostly just
you and Jiraiya.
And I erased
anything unnecessary.
Yeah, I know.
But, man, what a waste, huh?
I almost can't believe that
Boruto and I were face to face
and then spoke to each other!
Yeah, that's true.
[Naruto] And how was it
being the Leaf
Village of the past?
[Sasuke] Well, I was able
to see things in the past
that I'd turned
away from back then.
And you were still the same
old loser that you always were.
(Naruto chuckles)
(soft music)
Oh, hey, welcome home!
Have you been waiting up for me?
Oh, I just got back home
a little while ago myself.
The village alert's
been canceled, right?
[Sasuke] Yeah.
Sarada was awake until
just a bit ago, too.
Are you feeling hungry?
Give me a second, I'll
make you something.
Sakura--
Yes?
[Sasuke] I'm sorry
about everything.
What are you talking about?
Listen, you don't have to
worry, we're completely fine.
So, please just keep on looking
out for everyone, Sasuke.
Yeah.
(birds chirping)
(yawning)
[Boruto] Mom, is there
anything to eat for breakfast?
[Hinata] Boruto!
[Boruto] Morning, Mom.
You sure you wanna
be up this early?
Aren't you exhausted from
your mission yesterday?
(Boruto chuckles)
[Boruto] I'm okay.
[Hinata] Dad's photo?
Yeah.
Hey, Mom, back when Dad
was still a little kid,
he really went through
a lot of suffering
'cause of the Tailed
Beast inside him, right?
Looking at him now,
it's hard to imagine it.
Your father really hasn't
changed much at all
since those days.
He smiles no matter what.
He stays positive and
gives everything his all!
(soft guitar music)
[Boruto] I see.
Your father gave me strength
because he refused to
give in to his fate
and just kept on doing his best.
And I wasn't the only one.
He helped the whole village!
Hm.
Even Uncle Neji?
[Hinata] Of course!
I guess Dad's pretty
amazing, after all!
(gentle music)
[Hinata] Where'd you get that?
Someone gave it to me.
(grunts)
Hey, Mom, I'm gonna
go see Dad real quick.
(gentle music continues)
When I walk around the village,
I hear the most unusual things
in the most unexpected places.
I find it to be
very educational.
Oh, yeah!
A long time ago, you got the
idea for the Thunder Train
from something you heard in
the village, isn't that right?
Yes, exactly!
And that's why I like to get
out and take strolls like this
every once in a while.
Hey, Boruto!
Huh?
Oh, hey, Denki!
I'm sorry, I'm in
a hurry right now.
See you later!
(steps knocking)
Aw, come on, I can't
find him anywhere!
Where could Dad have gone?
-(gentle music)
-(birds chirping)
Hey, Dad!
[Naruto] Huh?
(Boruto panting)
Boruto!
I'm glad I finally found you!
So, this is where you ran
off to to ditch work, huh?
I've been looking
everywhere for you!
Just hold on, I'm not
ditching anything!
Actually, I'm on
an official break.
Hey, is this Master Jiraiya's?
Yeah, I've gotta come
visit now and then,
or he'll be lonely.
I see.
[Naruto] So, how was Pervy Sage?
[Boruto] Huh?
(Naruto chuckles)
[Naruto] You met him, right?
Sasuke told me all about it.
Yeah.
He was irresponsible,
pervy, and a slob!
I don't know how anyone believes
he was one of the
Legendary Sannin!
I guess you had a
pretty hard time, huh.
(chuckles)
Although, he was
really super cool, too!
I know.
[Naruto] So, why did
you wanna see me?
[Boruto] Oh, right!
(Naruto gasps)
[Naruto] That's--
(giggles)
-(stars twinkling)
-(Naruto chuckles)
Ichiraku Ramen's super
special rare soy sauce flavor!
You were the one
who gave it to me!
Do you wanna share it?
(lively music)
-Thank you for the food!
(slurping food)
-So good!
(giggling)
Well, I guess that you're
finally starting to recognize
what good ramen tastes like.
Yeah, but I still prefer
it when the flavors
are a little bit richer.
We oughta add some
ketchup or mayo to it!
But then the ramen will
lose its delicate flavor!
Plus, when ramen is too rich,
it becomes unhealthy, ya know!
C'mon, dad!
You're way more boring
than you were back then!
You're worried about your
health after all these years?
I mean, it's kinda
ridiculous hearing that
come from someone who only
eats ramen all the time!
What was that?
C'mon, give me a break!
I eat Mom's cooking
when I'm at home!
[Boruto] Yeah, but you're
hardly ever at home
'cause you're so
busy all the time!
(lively music)
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(gentle electric guitar music)
[Boruto] I heard you
found a new team member
to take the Class Rep's place!
[Wasabi] She's an exchange
student from the Land of Iron.
[Namida] Her name
is Tsubaki Kurogane.
[Tsubaki] I have no intention
of becoming friends
with shinobi,
since it seems the
ones in this village
are good-for-nothings
who lack conviction!
[Wasabi] What did you say?
(Sumire whining)
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,"
The Samurai Exchange Student.
[Sumire] I leave Team
15 in your hands!
(enthusiastic drum roll)
(closing theme music)